with an Indian meal it's a good idea to
serve some nice crunchy relishes we
always do that so I'm going to show you
how to make two very quick relishes the
first one is an onion relish and I have
here four ounces of onions that have
been peeled and very finely sliced into
thin thin rings you can cut them as thin
as you can and into this I'm going to
put in salt there is a three-quarter
teaspoon of salt and I shall put in
about four teaspoons of lemon juice and
then to give a nice red color I'm going
to put in a quarter teaspoon of paprika
and an eighth of a teaspoon of cayenne
so that goes in as well it's very simple
really there's nothing to it I'm just
gonna stir it and mix it and then once
that is done I'm just going to let it
sit for about half an hour to marinate
and all these nice juices get blended
together and you end up with a very
simple dish that you can serve with all
Indian meals or if you like you could
make a tomato onion and mint relish now
for that I have here tomatoes which have
been very finely chopped they've really
been cut into quarter-inch dice and
there's half a pound of tomatoes and I'm
going to put in now three ounces of
onions which have also been peeled and
chopped so they go in and then I'm going
to put in some fresh mint I have four
tablespoons of chopped fresh mint if you
can't get mint then you could use whole
fresh parsley or fresh coriander that
would work very well too right
then I have 3/4 teaspoon of salt and two
tablespoons of lemon juice and also to
make it hot and spicy half a teaspoon of
cayenne and I have a half teaspoon of
ground and roasted cumin seeds so that's
really it's very simple I put all these
together and I stir it and mix it and
you can see these very nice cooling kind
of colors white on red and green
and once you've mixed it all together
you can really serve it almost
immediately and what I will do now is
tip it out into a pretty serving dish of
course if you don't remember all these
ingredients just remember that all these
recipes are in the book that accompanies
a series take it all out then even it
out slightly like that and just stick a
sprig of mint in the center so you have
your onion tomato and fresh mint relish